King James Version (1769) with Strongs Numbers and Morphology

KJV · Version 2.9

The original CrossWire SWORD module was converted into the app’s bundled content store. The content retains the permissions and notices below.

Original module notices are preserved below; historical contact details and source addresses are reproduced as supplied.

This is the King James Version of the Holy Bible (also known as the Authorized Version) with embedded Strong's Numbers.  The rights to the base text are held by the Crown of England.  The Strong's numbers in the OT were obtained from The Bible Foundation: http://www.bf.org.  The NT Strong's data was obtained from The KJV2003 Project at CrossWire: http://www.crosswire.org.  These mechanisms provide a useful means for looking up the exact original language word in a lexicon that is keyed to Strong's numbers.

 Special thanks to the volunteers at Bible Foundation for keying the Hebrew/English data and of Project KJV2003 for working toward the completion of synchronizing the English phrases to the Stephanas Textus Receptus, and to Dr. Maurice Robinson for providing the base Greek text with Strong's and Morphology.  We are also appreciative of formatting markup that was provided by Michael Paul Johnson at http://www.ebible.org.  Their time and generosity to contribute such for the free use of the Body of Christ is a great blessing and this derivitive work could not have been possible without these efforts of so many individuals.  It is in this spirit that we in turn offer the KJV2003 Project text freely for any purpose.  Any copyright that might be obtained for this effort is held by CrossWire Bible Society (c) 2003-2016 and CrossWire Bible Society hereby grants a general public license to use this text for any purpose.
 Inquiries and comments may be directed to:

 CrossWire Bible Society
 kjv2003@crosswire.org
 http://www.crosswire.org

CrossWire’s permission above covers its electronic work. The module acknowledges Crown rights in the base King James text; this is not an assertion that the entire text is public domain worldwide.

Distribution license (as supplied)
General public license for distribution for any purpose

Text source (as supplied)
bf.org, eBible.org, https://sites.google.com/a/wmail.fi/greeknt/home/greeknt, crosswire.org
